Please change the citation style in file elesevier-good1.csl so that there is only one (not two or three) additional linefeed (or return) characters between sequential citations. Also, please use italics for journal names. Save the mofidied style as elsevier-good2.csl.

Please modify the file elsevier-good3.csl so that a bibliography is generated in reverse chronological order of publication.

Please alter the citation style at https://csl.mendeley.com/styles/3709021/elsevier-with-titles-ns4 so that conference proceedings paper titles are in quotes. The title of the conference proceedings volume should be underlined. Save the new style here are elsev5.csl

This citation style https://csl.mendeley.com/styles/3709021/elsevier-with-titles-ns5 is supposed to underline the titles of conference proceedings volumes, using the "container-title". How can I apply this formating to the file procs.md, which contains conference proceedings?

Please fix the citation style in elsev5.csl so that every journal article or conference proceedings paper has a link, where the link text is simply "#". The hyperlink itself is either a link to the corresponding doi (e.g., https://doi.org/10.1557/PROC-583-297) or the link in the first URL field provided for the entry.

For the citation style in elsev5.csl, please change it so that a period is placed after the last character of each entry, but before the link text "#".

How can I apply the formatting in elsev5.csl the articles in procs.md? The unformatted citations are listed in export.bib.

Mendely doesn't preserve the formatting when I copy the bibliography as "Formatted Citation". It is just plain text.

I installed pandoc. Can you try again?

I don't understand how to create the citation file.

That is fine, but the csl file is called elsev5.csl.

The script main.py does not place the link at the end properly. The displayed link text should just be "#".

There is a problem with the format. The links should entered in the form [#](https://doi.org/10.1109/PVSC.2012.6317763).

python3 main.py -b papers.bib -c elsev5.csl -o papers.md
python3 main.py -b procs.bib -c elsev5.csl -o procs.md
python3 main.py -b books.bib -c elsev5.csl -o books.md
python3 main.py -b chaps.bib -c elsev5.csl -o chaps.md

Please change elsev5.csl so that journal volume numbers are bold.

Why doesn't article #29 (by Nan Zheng and S. Phillip Ahrenkiel) in papers.md haver a period before the link at the end?

When you are lising a URL, instead of a doi, (e.g., reference 25 in procs.md, "25. S. P. Ahrenkiel,..."), the link should display as "#", but it is showing the whole URL. Please fix elsev5.csl.

There is not a period before the link in reference 25 of procs.md. Please fix elsev5.csl.

Please change elsev5.csl so that book titles are underlined.

For a "book section", the title of the book should be underlined. Please fix elsev5.csl.
For a "book section", the year of the book should be underlined. Please fix elsev5.csl.

python3 main.py -b papers.bib -c elsev.csl -o papers.md
python3 main.py -b procs.bib -c elsev.csl -o procs.md
python3 main.py -b books.bib -c elsev.csl -o books.md
python3 main.py -b chaps.bib -c elsev.csl -o chaps.md
python3 main.py -b invents.bib -c elsev.csl -o invents.md

When I view the output markdown files (e.g., papers.md) in a browser (Chrome), the "#" link text at the end of each citation is underlined. Can you fix that?

How can I convert SPA_cv.md to pdf format?

    pandoc SPA_CV.md -o SPA_CV.pdf \
        --bibliography=pubs.bib \
        --csl=elsev.csl \
        --citeproc